Have a good life!!!

	The world is a giant playground and something Bob will never fully experience.
What can be. Will not necessarily be. And what will be. Will not necessarily be what was thought to be. So we have come to the conclusion that the world is a big bowl of dung. The most complicated feces ever examined. If you want to come out and play, then it behooves you to have an understanding of what the world brings. However, it is not necessary. The masses have survived and played without knowing or understanding for many years without dying. It is not survival in the sense of body functionality, but quality in which one lives.Life is full of mindless chitchat….

	Some of us will go on to some college or university. Some of us will go into a trade school. The army also offers many opportunities that Big Brother is willing to hand out for a small piece of your life. The things that are most important to us change with each second of our lives. Instant gratification is what drives our hormone driven teenage minds. Although we are eighteen and soon to be free from our parents (excluding those leeches parents loath very much). We are still children to not only the world, but the universe. Little Peons for the Universe to smack down in universal misery and eternal mystery. One flew over the coo-coo’s nest…

	So for all those graduating seniors out there, don’t forget to LIVE YOUR LIFE, but at the same time, PREPARE for your LATER LIFE. To live in haste in the now is to live in misery in the later. Bob has less to say and much to think. This is often not the case. Bob knows not why he was brought here, but Bob is knowledgeable to the fact that perfection has its price. It is called imperfection. I am sorry if I rant on like a raving lunatic. Sanity visits me like a camel visits the water hole. I do not conform to the norm, but my name is Bob. So this is Bob signing off of the Indian Review for the last time. Farewell and happy good spank to all you readers out there…though few you are…

Bob = YOU, ME, and the REST OF THE HUMAN RACE
Bob stories are written by : Bryon Fitzgerald Bowers “Defender of the Free World”
PS: May the Spank be with you….Have a good life


