Unholy Union

Boredom problem.

        Mythical vampires are often portrayed as these apathetic creatures yearning for an end to their existence. I find it Ironic that such an exotic thing as Immortality can sleep with something as unholy as Boredome.
Boredom; that bastard child of the "Recurring Mundane Task"; that seed of the Absense of Imagination; that thing which only a bookless, mp3 playerless, computerless, child stuck in the back of a navy blue station wagon going 50mph across the desert with his/her parents can begin to comprehend.
I could see why Immortality would want to sleep with Boredom every now in then, or even have it as a friend-with-benefits ocassionaly, but to be married to such a state of mind would be an early Death...

And yet, we witness this unholy union not only in the fiction of old, but in the minds of many contemporary humans of our day. For instance, I make it a point to ask whomever I meet for the first time (usually after I have known them for a while, so i don't come off as more of a nut job than I really am)

    "Would you want to live forever?"

The first response on many an occasion is always.

    "I think I would get bored...."

A majority of these victims of my inquisition are content with their lives.
As I encountered this response time and time again, it made me come to the realization that otherwise content individuals associate boredom with the act of living.

You are probably wondering why I am ranting about this association. No one lives forever. I am what some people call an immortalist. I believe the indefinite extension of a healthy human life is attainable within my lifetime. I say believe because I do not know for sure. Unlike a religious belief however, my belief system is based on empirical data from decades of scientific research (insert footnote reference of research here).

Some call Immortalists Vain, arrogant, irreverant, and oblivious of the world's problems. I am the opposite of this. I merely wish all humans to continue to exist and explore the universe. Some say that immortalists are afraid of Death. On the contrary, I am more excited about living than I can ever be Afraid of Dying.

Death is merely the end of my senses. Nothingness could be interesting, but I would never know. My Atheist leaning Agnostic view of Life-After-Death makes me put my bets on Achieving a higher "Plane" of existence via life rather than death.

So now that you know my obsession over attaining immortality and my agenda is even more transparent, I would like to introduce to you my secret weapon against death; An imaginary divorce lawyer, let's call this little imp-like creature Mr. Anti-Cupid, or Mr. AntiCu for short. Mr. AntiCu charges by the hour, fortunately I am loaded with imaginary money and imaginary mistresses.

I am also in love with Mrs. Immortal Boredom, a woman with the charity of Princess Dianna and Mother Theresa merged with the face of (some beautiful woman), the legs of (another beautiful woman), and the curiosity of puppy with peanut butter.

We met on a mid-summer August night. She was wearing nothing but a rose, astronomical charts of Eath's nearest star with livable planets, and statistics of how to sustain a given population of human beings for the period of time it would take to get to that star.

Mr. Boredom is a totally different creature; the incarnation of a pile of really wet dog poo; that "just fed my dog Indian food" poo, not the "he's just a little sick from swimming in the lake" poo merged with the troll under the bridge and that 1st grade teacher's mole that had its own chaotic revolution of anarchist hairs that refused to shower or stand in a straight line because it was too conformist an action.

Mr. Boredom gets up the same time each morning. He slowly rises from bed farting and coaxing his morning wood to a favorable position. After showering and brushing his yellow encrusted teeth with anti-social suicidal brushes that attempt to swallow bits of plague in hopes of ending their morning torture ritual; he dresses himself in one of his 7 pairs of suites, each with its respective assigned day of the week embroidered on the tag. After dressing, he drags himself to the kitchen where he poors himself a cup of joe; black, no suger, no cream. He then goes to work where he does nothing but stare at a screen, answer emails, and sign off on forms with which he may or may not know the purpose of.



