Bill and Mary Ellen  Floating’ in a Little Canoe  Down a Lazy Jersey Stream Drinking Coors and Seagrams Too Got me sitting’ in the middle Pretending not to see Girls On the shore Tops Toppled off  Fighting with their  Sun Tan lines [Chorus] Sand on my Ham and May-O Swig of Seagrams Smell of Banana Boat  Feel of the Ocean Air This Texas Boy’s Freezing Dandy Girls  On the shore Tops Toppled off  Fighting with their  Sun Tan lines I was Swimming in the Jersey Ocean Saw some Girls Floating’ by… Started Paddling’ on my boogie board I was a slowly moving asteroid… Trying to get into their orbit… I was awkward and a  little scared... I said “Howdy, how do you do?” with my best southern drawl. They said “We’re just dandy” “Where are you from?” I said “I’m a Texas Boy freezing my ass off” [Chorus] Sand on my Ham and May-O Swig of Seagrams Smell of Banana Boat  Feel of the Ocean Air This Texas Boy’s Freezing Dandy Girls  On the shore Tops Toppled off  Fighting with their  Sun Tan lines She asked if everyone rode horses I said Yes, we surely do. She asked if tumbleweed  Was everywhere I said as far as the eye can see She asked if I had a cowboy hat I said I left it in Texas She asked if everything was Bigger There I said “Not when it’s this cold” [Chorus] Sand on my Ham and May-O Swig of Seagrams Smell of Banana Boat  Feel of the Ocean Air This Texas Boy’s Freezing Dandy Girls  On the shore Tops Toppled off  Fighting with their  Sun Tan lines At this point I realized I was colder than I’d ever been My teeth were attempting to eat my tongue They had grown a mind of their own I said “Ladies, it was nice to meet you” “But I think I need to goes,  cause I can’t feel my toes…” My boogie board was swift and fast I was hoping my warmth would last Finally on the shore That day I swam no more… [Chorus] Sand on my Ham and May-O Swig of Seagrams Smell of Banana Boat  Feel of the Ocean Air This Texas Boy’s Freezing Dandy Girls  On the shore Tops Toppled off  Fighting with their  Sun Tan lines